# Equality

Q: What is the purpose of Object equals method?  
A: In Java, the Object.equals() method is used to test if objects are the same object.  
   The method checks if the objects are the same by using the expression "==".  
   This checks if the objects are the same object(referential equality).  

Q: Why would you override the equals() method in an Object subclass?  
A: You would override the equals method to override the default behaviour of referential equality.  
   In your application Objects with the same values could be identified as the same object.

Q: Why must hashCode method be changed if the equals method is changed?  
A: The equals method controls what you deem to be equal in an application.  
   The default implementation of hashCode() returns an integer value, generated by a hashing algorithm.    
   Objects that are equal (according to their equals()) must return the same hash code.  
   When using a data-structure that disperses elements by a hashing(HashSet, HashMap), the hashcode method is used.  
   - If you override equals to suit your business logic
     - when adding the object to a hashMap - hashCode will be called
       - which is based upon the objects

   You can always get the identity hash code of an object o by calling System.identityHashCode(o).  
   The ID hashCode() implementation is dependent on the JVM.  


# Thread control

Q: What is the purpose of the sychronised keyword?  
A: 

Q: What are the different types of locks?
A:  






Gate keep:
==========
comp sci fundamentals
- O(n)
- data structures
- program language fluency 14+ testing
- system architecture round
- behavioural - as weighted
- tell me about a time you - star method - leadership
- Ambiguous project
- Leadership - good to great
- V2 - 135$

Osaka:
======
- japan guide com -  international drivers license
